---
layout: post
title: MLA Style Guide for $\mathrm{\LaTeX}$
---

I discovered LaTeX (pronounced *LAH-TECH* and stylized $\mathrm{\LaTeX}$) very early in my life, before I did any other 
programming. I'm not sure why I sought it out, stuck with it, or liked it or used it.
I just did. And I love it. My family and friends have and continue to laugh at my
love of LaTeX, but I don't mind. My documents look better than theirs, those filthy
Microsoft Word plebeians.

If you'd like to learn about LaTeX generally, I really recommend [this](http://ureddit.com/class/23457/latex-101) introduction.

There are many ways to accomplish the same document in LaTeX. Here is my current
way of producing MLA documents. You can find the source [here](https://github.com/PLJNS/Assorted-Templates/blob/master/MLA%20LaTeX/MLA%20Paper.tex).

### Header

We are not interested in writing a book or letter, and the standard font 
size and the MLA specification is 12pt, so the first line of our document is:

	\documentclass[12pt]{article}

The MLA style-guide wants us to use double spacing, and the way you do
that in LaTeX requires the following lines in the header:

	\usepackage{setspace}
	\doublespacing

You'll also want to include any other packages you may want to use here, like
for tables and hyperlinks. All of these are but a Google away.

One-inch for every margin will require another package:

	\usepackage[letterpaper]{geometry}
	\geometry{top=1in, bottom=1in, left=1in, right=1in}

Papers made in MLA have in the top-right corner the author's last name and the
page number. To do that, we'll need the help of the "fancy header" package:

	\usepackage{fancyhdr}
	\pagestyle{fancy}

	\lhead{} 
	\chead{}  
	\rhead{Jones \thepage} % put in your last name!
	\lfoot{} 
	\cfoot{} 
	\rfoot{} 

By default, the title of the bibliography section of a LaTeX document is
"Bibliography." This is a little old-fashioned, and MLA calls the "Works Cited",
so use this line to change it:

	\renewcommand{\refname}{Works Cited}
	\setlength\headsep{0.333in}	% while we're at it, lets set the header spacing to MLA

If you compile this, you'll notice that "Works Cited" is in big, bold font. While
this is fine for most academic publishing, MLA has a different outlook on how this should
look. It's smaller (12pt) and centered. This is complicated to do in LaTeX. Here's
how you do it:

	\makeatletter 
	\renewenvironment{thebibliography}[1] 
	     {\begin{center}{\refname}\end{center}% 
	      \@mkboth{\MakeUppercase\refname}{\MakeUppercase\refname}% 
	      \list{\@biblabel{\@arabic\c@enumiv}}% 
	           {\settowidth\labelwidth{\@biblabel{#1}}% 
			            \leftmargin\labelwidth 
	            \advance\leftmargin\labelsep 
	            \@openbib@code 
	            \usecounter{enumiv}% 
	            \let\p@enumiv\@empty 
	            \renewcommand\theenumiv{\@arabic\c@enumiv}}% 
	      \sloppy 
	      \clubpenalty4000 
	      \@clubpenalty \clubpenalty 
	      \widowpenalty4000% 
	      \sfcode`\.\@m} 
	     {\def\@noitemerr 
	       {\@latex@warning{Empty `thebibliography' environment}}% 
	      \endlist} 
	\makeatother 

I found this code buried deep on the [TeX Stack Exchange](http://tex.stackexchange.com), 
and it's really complicated, but it works.

### Body

Now that our header is done, let's begin writing!

First things first, tell LaTeX that you're beginning the content of your document
and that your header is done with the following line:

	\begin{document}

MLA documents have the name, professor, class, and date in the left corner of the 
first page. Additionally, the title is centered. 
To accomplish this, replace your values into the following snippet:

	\begin{flushleft} {

	Paul Jones\\
	Professor   \\
	Class (Reference Number) \\
	\today \\ % Or whatever day it was due 😉

	\begin{center}
	Title
	\end{center}

	} \end{flushleft}

And now you can begin writing!

You will want to avoid using any of the LaTeX structure tags in your document,
as MLA does not support it. If you find you need more structure to your document,
consider using APA or default LaTeX.

Conclude your document with the following lines:

	\clearpage

	\bibliographystyle{mla-good} % you may want to change this, keep reading
	\bibliography{bibliography.bib}
		
	\end{document}


### Bibliography

This is where LaTeX really shines. It has a built-in bibliographic management
database language, and it is *awesome*.

You include your entries in the `bibliography.bib` file found in the same directory
as your `.tex` file.

In the [GitHub repository associated with this post](https://github.com/PLJNS/Assorted-Templates/tree/master/MLA%20LaTeX), you will find a file called `mla-good.bst`. 
I found this file a long time ago and it styles your Works Cited in a way consistent
with MLA specification. It should be sufficient to place this file in the same directory
as your document, but a permanent solution is to find where BibTex looks for `.bst` files
on your computer. If you're on Mac, this is `Library/texmf/bibtex/bst/`.

Here are the steps to get BibTex working:

1. Type your sources up according to the templates you can find 
[here](http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/LaTeX/Bibliography_Management#BibTeX). 
2. Cite your sources in your document using the `\citeauthor{ID}`
command, where "ID" is what you filled in after the `@[bibtype]{ ID { }` and compile with LaTeX.
3. Compile your source with BibTeX, and then LaTeX again. (This can be a bit fidgety).

### Hand in your beautiful paper!

You're all done. 

Thanks for reading.
